Because he is what he is?
Poor jingle at home
I advise you who have neither money nor talent
So let's not think about it.
Go home and farm
Emperor, you are also a farmer for three generations
Why look down on rural people?
That's different.
I am now the lobby manager of Yunting Hotel
White collar as you said
For tens of thousands of years on the Internet, everyone is still a monkey
Oops, okay, don't give me these useless things
Poor is poor
Look for reasons in yourself
Why are you poor?
It's not because you didn't work hard enough
Don't keep thinking about taking advantage of others, okay?
We are poor
But we are poor and have backbone
We didn't steal or rob
There is no shame in making money with your own hands
On the other hand, auntie, you rely on relationships to rise
Don't be ashamed, be proud
Again.
I see.
Sister Nan
I know why these poor mountain people are talking here
The Olympic World Congress was held in our Yunting Hotel
This has been leaked
Lots of idle people trying to get in
The largest leading group in our province
Benchmarking Media
Well-known companies will come
This group of poor and sour goods must be trying to take advantage of the reporters
Shameless begging
People were kidnapped by morality and had to donate money to him
They would think
This way
No better than going to the street to bask in the wind and sun
Come quickly
It's really poor and bad
I actually thought of coming to the World Affairs Conference
Get up with such a shameless practice
Okay.
I don't have time to waste time here and ask you for money, do I?
Take it and roll
We don't need your charity
Toast without eating and being fined?
Get me out